right now you're going to test your
observation skills
this test has four levels and each one's
trickier than the last
find a pen and a piece of paper to write
down your score
for each correct answer you'll get some
points
one if it's the first level two if it's
the second one
three for the third and four for the
last one
the results will be at the end of the
video
[Music]
level one one so
how many legs can you see in this
picture
right there are 12 legs six wearing
dress shoes
and six with high heels two
there's an animal in this picture that's
trying really hard to blend in
can you spot it aha
it's this piglet but its nose gives it
away
three can you find three animals hidden
in this picture
right three ducks are hiding among the
tree branches
four what's wrong with this image
two moons really five
can you spot anything strange in this
picture
a snake is pretending to be a giraffe
here
6. just another regular day at the
supermarket
or is it it would be
if the lady on the left wasn't wearing
skis
7. how about this image is everything
correct here
not really there's something wrong with
the exit sign
8. why is this laundry trip gonna end
badly
because who on earth washes white shirts
together with red socks
not me nine
this picture looks weird but why
the mouse is chasing the cat not the
other way around
10. can you spot the odd image
yep it's the sprinkled donut in the
corner well
that was easy okay i'm up for some
challenges now
level two eleven
which kitty is different from the rest
this one seems to be more pleased with
life than the others
12. there are four mistakes in this
picture
try to find all of them well let's see
a globe under the sink a pair of shoes
in the cupboard
a shirt instead of the curtains and a
table lamp instead of the faucet
this woman's life must be full of
adventures
13. can you see two different things in
this image
can be a girl or someone's face
14. do you see a deer
a real master of camouflage
15. can you find three animals here
i've only got one question what are
rabbits doing up there
16. there are three things wrong in this
picture
can you spot them all there's no red
light
and no rails for the tram and december
32nd
seriously you really want 2020 to last
that much longer
17. which girl looks different
the one in the right bottom corner
because it's a boy
18. which magician is different from the
rest
yeah he probably decided to stand out
from the crowd by wearing a different
cloak 19.
something is missing in this picture but
what exactly
the sun is bright but then where are the
camel's shadows
20. which emoji is different
yep the non-winking one
[Music]
okay not so bad what's next
surprise me level three
twenty one how many cubes are there in
this picture
there are nine cubes twenty two
can you spot the odd one yeah
it looks a bit shorter than the rest
23. can you figure out which string is
tied to the banana
i'd bet on the first one but it's
actually number three
24. how many animals can you see in this
picture
there are three foxes
25 something's wrong with this picture
but what the picture is empty
where's the milk coming from
26. can you read what's written here
it's a mystery um no no you don't get it
the word
is mystery 27.
which unicorn is different
this one because it's a horse not a
unicorn
28. what's wrong in this picture
the fish doesn't have fins
29. what's hidden here a tiny hint
it's alive right
it's a giant panda
30. what can you see in this image
it's either a face or a penguin
wow to tell you the truth that level
made me sweat
level 4 31 can you find a snake in this
picture
duh looks like a tree root to me
32 what can you see in this image
there are two trees and a woman's head
33. can you find the farmer's wife
here's a hint she's somewhere nearby
who would have guessed you could turn
the image upside down
34. the children are sure the astronomer
is still in the room
but where can he be hiding
he really didn't want to be found
35. these geese are in danger
a predator is hiding somewhere in the
picture
wow almost missed it how spooky
36. what's hidden in this picture
it's a big toothy scary
shark 37
how many things can you see in this
picture
it can be a beggar or it can be a face
depending on your perspective
38. this image is quite obvious
or is it try turning it upside down
then the rabbit will turn into a man
with a long mustache
39. and what can you see in this picture
it might be a happy dog or an equally
cheerful cat
40 and finally can you read this
you don't say bad eyes
okay this level was actually
mind-boggling
but i'm looking forward to learning my
results
if your score is 0 to 25 points work
more on your observation skills
and you'll get better if you've got 26
to 50 points
you have a quick eye with more practice
you'll soon become a pro
if you have 51 to 75 points you're as
attentive as sherlock
you can spot the tiniest details without
much effort
but if you've got 76 to 100 points wow
i can't but feel a bit intimidated
nothing can escape your eagle eye
it's better not to mess with you